We can also use Rhino to turn our 2D
vector graphics, that we exported as SVGs
from p5.js into 3D bodies. Here,
again, we start with the import.
Lookup our SVG file. Then you get a couple of
import options. You can just keep them as they
are and go to "ok". And then in this case
our vector graphics turned out quite big.
Let's make them a little bit smaller and move
them to the center again. And, voila. Right now
our imported polygons are simply curves. We need
to turn them into planes before we can turn them
into 3D bodies. To do this, we have the so-called
surface tools, that you can find up here.
And then there is this little item here,
which looks a little bit like a donut,
it's the surface from planar curves tool. And this
only works if you have the curves in just one
plane, but as we are having a 2D object here,
this is no problem for us. After clicking on
this tool, we now have actually planes and not
outlines anymore. We can see it by the little
lines that we have now in our objects here.
So we can now switch to the solid tools
and select the extrusion function.
Select all the curves that we want to extrude,
press enter when we're done and we can now nicely
extrude our polygons. Click enter as soon as we're
done and we now have actual 3D bodies that we
could start further working with it in Rhino.